I'm a contract Customer Service Assistant with 4 years of experience. I worked as a live chat support agent for a clothing company. I also provided return processing via phone and answered customer queries via email. I'd really describe myself as a person a willingness to go the extra mile to satisfy a customer.  Now I'm looking to take my career to the next level and move out of contract work into a full time employee for a company where I can be a part of a team, but also allows me to focus my energy on my best strength, working directly with customers. I'd like to build a long term career that lets me focus on professional growth.

I would say the most important skills are listening, critical thinking and multitasking. In this position, I would be able to listen to a customer's concern, identify a solution and talk them through my process of solving their issue. I also think a good attitude is crucial in this role because it makes customers feel heard and supported, and it gives them a positive impression of the company.

Teamwork is essential for success as a customer service rep. At my current job, I worked closely with a cohesive team. We regularly pooled our knowledge and resources to address tricky customer complaints and handle a large amount of incoming calls during peak times. I also collaborated cross-functionally by collecting customer feedback and communicating it to the product team.

I never pretend to know an answer if I don't. If I'm unsure how to help a customer, I say, 'Great question! Let me find out for you,' and take steps to find a solution. At my previous job, I helped customers with complex software products and if I didn't know an answer, I reached out to my co-workers for assistance, referred the customer to someone who could help or looked through my training manual for answers.

I'm definitely a people person! I love talking to people from different backgrounds, finding out about their lives and helping them find solutions to their problems. I was voted Most Outgoing at my last job and small talk is one of my talents.
